docs: Fix duplicate meta descriptions (#736)
knocklabs/docs: content/integrations/chat/slack/sending-a-message-to-channels.mdx

---
title: Sending a message to public and private channels

> description: "How to configure and send notifications to Slack channels through Knock's integration."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "How to configure and send notifications to Slack channels through Knock."
```
